1) Difference between HTTP/1.1 and HTTP/2?

Ans : HTTP/1.1 keeps all request responses in a plain text format, HTTP/2 uses binary framing layer to encapsulate all 
messages in binary format, while still maintaining HTTP semantics, such as verbs, methods, and headers.

-> HTTP/1.1 was created in 1997 and used around 15 years.

-> HTTP/2 is faster and most efficient compared to HTTP/1.1.One of the ways in which HTTP/2 is faster is in how it 
   prioritizes content during the loading process.

-> Main differences that impact performance:
   
   a) Mulltiplexing : HTTP/1.1 loads resources one after the other, so if one resource cannot be loaded, it blocks all
      the other resources behind it. In contrast, HTTP/2 is able to use a single TCP connection to send multiple streams
      of data at once so that no one resource blocks any other resource.HTTP/2 does this by splitting data into binary-code
      messages and numbering these messages so that the client knows which stream each binary message belongs to.
   
   b) Server push : Typically, a server only serves content to a client device if the client asks for it. However, this
      approach is not always practical for modern webpages, which often involve several dozen separate resources that the
      client must request. HTTP/2 solves this problem by allowing a server to "push" content to a client before the client asks for it.
   
   c) Header compression : Small files load more quickly than large ones. To speed up web performance, both HTTP/1.1 and HTTP/2 compress
      HTTP messages to make them smaller. However, HTTP/2 uses a more advanced compression method called HPACK that eliminates redundant
      information in HTTP header packets. This eliminates a few bytes from every HTTP packet. 

2) HTTP version history?

Ans : Tim Berners-Lee and his team at CERN are credited with inventing the original HTTP, along with HTML and the associated technology
      for a web server and a text-based web browser. Berners-Lee first proposed the "WorldWideWeb" project in 1989—now known as the World
      Wide Web(www).The first version of the protocol had only one method, namely GET, which would request a page from a server. The 
      response from the server was always an HTML page.   
   
           Year		HTTP Version
            1991	  0.9
            1996	  1.0
            1997	  1.1
            2015	  2.0
            Draft(2020)	  3.0

3) List 5 differences between Browser JS(console.log) vs Nodejs?

Ans : Below is the list of points describe the difference between JavaScript and Node JS:

      1) JavaScript is a simple programming language which runs in any browser JavaScript Engine. Whereas Node JS is an interpreter or
	 running environment for a JavaScript programming language which holds a lot of excesses require libraries which can easily be
	 accessed from JavaScript programming for better use.

      2) JavaScript is normally used for any client-side activity for one web application. Activity can be addressing business validation
	 or dynamic page display in some schedule time interval or basic Ajax call kind of task. Those are used on a maximum time for any
	 web application. Whereas Node JS mainly used for accessing or running any operating system for non-blocking operation. An operation
	 like create or executing shell script, or getting some specific hardware related information on one call or installed certificate 
	details in the system or lot of define task which are non-blocking on an operating system.

      3) JavaScript running in any engine like Spider monkey (FireFox), JavaScript Core (Safari), V8 (Google Chrome). So JavaScript
	 programming is very easy to write and put any running environment means proper browser. Whereas Node JS only support V8 engine
	 which googles chrome specific. But whether it support V8 engine, written JavaScript code can able to run in any environment. 
	 So there has no browser specific constraint on it.

      4) JavaScript is normally following Java Programming language standard. There may	 have some different way of writing code but at the
	 same time, we can say it following Java Programming language standard. Whereas node JS is written in C++, and provide V8 engine 
	 base browser javascript running engine which helps us to run written javascript program in any browser environment.

      5) For accessing any operating system specific non-blocking task JavaScript has some specific object but all of them are operating 
	 system specific. An example is ActiveX Control which is only running in Windows.But Node JS is given utility to run some 
	 operating system specific non-blocking tasks from any JavaScript programming. It doesn’t have any operating system specific
	 constant. Node JS is very much familiar to create a specific binding with the file system, and also allowing developer for reading
	 or sometimes write on disk.

4) What happens when you type a URL in the address bar i the browser?

Ans : As we know, when we hit any URL or you can say domain name, then that website gets opened with its content. A server (a trained
      computer) serves it. We also know that every computer has an IP address which is used for communication over the internet. It is an
      address as its self explaining 'IP address'.

      This is how I would explain it:
	1) You enter a URL into a web browser.
	2) The browser looks up the IP address for the domain name via DNS.
	3) The browser sends a HTTP request to the server.
	4) The server sends back a HTTP response.
	5) The browser begins rendering the HTML.
	6) The browser sends requests for additional objects embedded in HTML (images, css, JavaScript) and repeats steps 3-5.
	7) Once the page is loaded, the browser sends further async requests as needed.